kollywood and romance goes hand in hand
while many actors have fallen in love on
the sets so were a part of link ups
rumors say yo we bring you the top 5
most talked-about link-ups who were the
part of Chad Buster's in the recent
times
Dhanush and Shruti Haasan Kali would
stop most actors Dhanush and Shruthi
hustles link up was one of the hottest
linked up when they were working
together for the movie 3 which was
coincidentally directed by Irish his
wife Aishwarya though the rumors did not
last longer but still they are often
bitten by the gossip bugs Ajith and Hera
many may not be aware but this is one of
the most interesting linked observer
during the shoot of Ajit scandal Kota
reports about Ajith real-life romance
with here I merged some reports even
suggested that Ajith and here a war in a
live-in relationship Sid had and
Samantha know the formal couples should
goddamn Samantha never admitted that
they were in relationship many were
convinced that they were about to get
married
but recently news broke out suggesting
that Samantha answered that had ended
their relationship which according to
the actor was never existed who the
anody Stalin and Nayanthara here were
the news doing around that area needy
Stalin proposed neither which was
rejected by the actress not being able
to bear the disappointment the actor can
zyou poison and was admitted in the
hospital
though the an ADIZ wife rejected such
claims it is hard to ignore the link-up
of this hot pair Tricia and Rana
Daggubati both Misha is happily getting
married to Warren but once heated about
her relationship with the rm1 actor Rana
Daggubati but neither Rana
Alesha have openly admitted about their
relationship however the
indle actress recently broke up with
Rana and got engaged to Peru